updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16097)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/workflow-tracing.md

> If you are using the .NET Framework 4 Client Profile, you must first register the ETW manifest by running the following command from the .NET Framework 4 directory: `ServiceModelReg.exe –i –c:etw`  
  
## Enabling Debug Tracing using System.Diagnostics  

>  These listeners can be configured in the App.config file of the workflow application, or the Web.config for a workflow service. In this example, a [TextWriterTraceListener](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.textwritertracelistener&view=netframework-4.8) is configured to save tracing information to the MyTraceLog.txt file in the current directory.  

Reviewer: just fyi there's something on the logic that is producing broken api links
but we prefer xref links anyway

```suggestion
 These listeners can be configured in the App.config file of the workflow application, or the Web.config for a workflow service. In this example, a <xref:System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener> is configured to save tracing information to the MyTraceLog.txt file in the current directory.  
```
